docs: DOC-1860 update images, links, info (#7209)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/tutorials/getting-started/palette-edge/palette-edge.md

---
sidebar_label: "Palette Edge"
title: "Palette Edge Getting Started"
description: "Learn about the Palette Edge Getting Started section."
icon: ""
hide_table_of_contents: false
sidebar_position: 0
tags: ["getting-started", "tutorial", "edge"]
---

> This section gives you an overview of how to get started with Spectro Cloud Palette Edge. You will learn how Palette

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section gives you an overview of how to get started with Palette Edge. You will learn how Palette
```

simplifies the deployment of Kubernetes clusters at the edge, along with all the steps required to deploy your first
Edge cluster, such as building the necessary artifacts and preparing the host.

![Palette Getting Started Roadmap](/getting-started/getting-started_introduction-edge_roadmap.webp)

> Explore the sequence of tutorials below to learn how to deploy your first connected Edge cluster with Palette. Each

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Explore the following tutorials to learn how to deploy your first connected Edge cluster with Palette. Each
```
